[MUSIC]
>> Mike North: We're gonna build
a little browser for the GitHub API.
We're gonna start with just placeholder
stuff on pages and have some
links that take us between some pages,
that we know will have data on later.
If you want to refer to it later,
this is the set of steps I took to
get to the repo that you checked out for
that repo that I have right now.
And this is the set of URLs
that we care about and
I'm going to ask that you guys
sort of focus from the top down.
And we'll just see how far we
can get in 20 minutes or so.
This is basically the same concept
applied a couple different times,
just to make sure you guys get how we
can have a hierarchy all the way down.
We can have a route that has 8,
10, 15 child routes to you.
Not that that's a good idea.
But it is a pattern that applies
as deep as you need to go.
So these are the routes that we need
to create and I'll re-post the link but
I made my slides available for download
in case you guys need to refer to it.
It's in the chat but
probably way up at this point.
These are the pages that
I want us to focus on.
Mainly the top two and
when I solve the problem I will
go through all four of these.
But, we want just a hard coded list and
by this I mean a UL with four LIs,
each of which will probably
have a link to in it, of orgs.
And then when you drill into a GitHub org,
I want to see a list of
repositories under that org.
And that will, again,
be a hard coded list.
We'll get into interating with that each
helper we talked about in the next step.
In the next exercise.
>> Mike North: So
general guidelines,
hardcode everything for now.
If no matter which repo you click on,
the header says Netflix or Facebook or
whatever, totally fine.
The main take away we're looking for
here is having URLs and
being able to transition between URLs and
navigate through a completely static app.
>> Mike North: Does this
makes sense to everybody?
I expect this will be a little bit
of a rough start because sort of
throwing you in the deep end here.
But what I want is, these examples
will all build on each other.
So we are not making trivial little
like hello world things that
are completely unlike what you would be
doing if you were building a real app.
I'm trying to keep this as aligned with
what you'd actually be doing as possible.